Jake Owen can lick a fat pimple covered
it so can all you fake country people
with your boots and flails thanks man
put some freakin clothes on Kasey
Musgraves name spelled wrong that outfit
is not country yeah it's kind of dot pop
it Thomas rets jeans are bedazzled the
guys in Midland official all looked like
Sacha Baron Cohen in various disguises I
like that
Dierks Bentley sucks I'll be happy to
tell him about it
Saturday at his concert I listen to
Lauren Elena today and cried not because
she touched my heart or anything
her voice busted my windows the band
Brothers Osborne sucks monkey balls
hashtag sucks monkey balls John party
sucks bout is talented as a BA as the
baha mean what's Tom in who let the dogs
out I love that song cole swindell is
ass cheeks oh yeah combs looks like the
human manifestation of cornbread I like
that one that was good Michael ray a
rising country singer who looks like a
pornhub pig has a new album out called
anus at islanders yes it's great to see
that Scotty McCreery finally grew out of
looking like a creepy kid and blossomed
into a creepy looking adult who is
Ashley McBride all I know is black
people I'd rather leave my pecker
hanging out of my church pants and
listen
in a moment people who say Nickelback is
the worst band obviously haven't heard
Rasmus ever probably would man mmm it's
hard to sing that way this that's what
I'm not singing much anymore I bet Danny
Shea touched damn right we do I am Jimmy
Kimmel click below to subscribe to our
YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though